Documentation/F-16C/README.md, before:

# F-16C Module capabilities

F-16C is equipped with advanced navigation system including INS and GPS systems. Combined with TGP, ground radar modes and HTS, these systems enable F-16C to be one of the most capable AIR to GROUND platforms in DCS. UFC (Upfront Control Panel), also known as ICP among other things is used to enter coordinates.

![F-16C outside](images/F-16C_outside.jpg)

# Features

SharkPlanner is able to enter the waypoints and markpoints into UFC. Up to 20 waypoints can be entered as well as 4 markpoints. 
Each of these can be used for navigation purposes, but also to slew other sensors. 

| Description | Cockpit screenshot|
| --- | --- |
| Waypoints are designated in waypoint mode selected and indicated by **W** button. Markpoints can be entered by activating **T** button. | ![waypoints designation](images/designation_of_aircraft_waypoints.png) |
| Once the waypoints/markpoints are entered **UFC up/down** switches can be used to select them. The selected waypoint/markpoint is shown in upper right corner of **DED** display. | ![Selection of waypoint/markpoint](images/UFC_DED.png) |

# Known limitations

None known.

# References:

- **DCS: SA342 Gazelle - Flight Manual** (e.g. C:\Program Files\Eagle Dynamics\DCS World OpenBeta\Mods\aircraft\F-16C\DCS F-16C Early Access Guide EN.pdf)
- [Chuck's Guide: DCS Guide - F-16C Viper Block 50](https://chucksguides.com/aircraft/dcs/f-16cm/)

Commit message:

Allow altitude change (#121)
* Added basic UI

* Updated Camera

* Updated JF-17 and F-16 to use Elevation instead of Altitude

* Updated documentation

Documentation/F-16C/README.md, after:

# F-16C Module capabilities

F-16C is equipped with advanced navigation system including INS and GPS systems. Combined with TGP, ground radar modes and HTS, these systems enable F-16C to be one of the most capable AIR to GROUND platforms in DCS. UFC (Upfront Control Panel), also known as ICP among other things is used to enter coordinates.

![F-16C outside](images/F-16C_outside.jpg)

# Features

SharkPlanner is able to enter the waypoints and markpoints into UFC. Up to 20 waypoints can be entered as well as 4 markpoints. 
Each of these can be used for navigation purposes, but also to slew other sensors. 

| Description | Cockpit screenshot|
| --- | --- |
| Waypoints are designated in waypoint mode selected and indicated by **W** button. Markpoints can be entered by activating **T** button. **Elevation** is by default set to **altitude**. User can modify elevation and delta will be displayed above | ![waypoints designation](images/designation_of_aircraft_waypoints.png) |
| Once the waypoints/markpoints are entered **UFC up/down** switches can be used to select. The selected waypoint/markpoint is shown in upper right corner of **DED** display. | ![Selection of waypoint/markpoint](images/UFC_DED.png) |

# Known limitations

None known.

# References:

- **DCS: SA342 Gazelle - Flight Manual** (e.g. C:\Program Files\Eagle Dynamics\DCS World OpenBeta\Mods\aircraft\F-16C\DCS F-16C Early Access Guide EN.pdf)
- [Chuck's Guide: DCS Guide - F-16C Viper Block 50](https://chucksguides.com/aircraft/dcs/f-16cm/)
